From this directory you can run the Alp OrgView Server (also known
as NetMapServer).

Linux xterm:  ./orgview
Windows NT command window:  orgview


The OrgView Server serves files via HTTP from this directory and 
also acts as a NetMap server for JMap using configuration files in 
the alpmap directory.



To run the AlpMap applet, point your browser at 
http://localhost:5550/jmap/Appjmap.html or simply localhost:5550.
If your browser is not running on the same machine, replace 
localhost with the appropriate hostname.



The OrgView Server communicates with the AlpMap PSP at whatever 
host and port are specified in the alpmap/nms.init file.  By 
default this is localhost:5555.

You can dynamically start and stop pollers to a variety of 
machines.  These can be setup with menus (a little tricky at 
present);  or you can telnet to the Orgview server and tell it to 
start whatever you want.  e.g.:

  telnet localhost 5550
  plugin ui.orgviewServer.PipeClusters "http://whitney.alpine:5555"

You can terminate all pollers with a pulldown menu item.  By 
default, we start one poller to the local machine.

Note that the orgview server normally listens on port 5550 and the 
first logplan server normally listens on 5555. To change the 
orgview server port, you would change the mbin line in 
alpmap/nms.init and the PARAM .. port line in jmap/Appjmap.html.


Once you have started the orgview server, you can leave it 
running; there is no need to restart it each time you bring up the 
society.  If you start orgview first, you can watch the clusters 
get initialized.  This only works once since the colors are not 
reset to initial state.

There is also a PipeTasks poller, available from the Plugin 
pollers pulldown, that will color the clusters based on the number 
of tasks present.


See also alpmap/ConfigurationNotes.txt.

