
To create and edit views for OrgView, we use the NetMap program on
stout.bbn.com in the directory /home/haines/alp.  The database,
i.nmdb, and view files, *.vw, are prepared here then copied to an
alpmap directory on an Alp development machine, and eventually
checked into alpine/data/orgview/alpmap.

Before a node can appear in a view, it must first be added to the
database, i.nmdb.  This file can be edited with a text editor such as
emacs or xedit.  Note that the database name, i.e., the first name on
a line in the database file, must start with a letter.  I use the
letter N to prefix cluster names that start with a digit.  The exact
cluster name appears within the single quotes;  case is important
here.

Once the database is ready, you can edit views:

Start NetMap with

td  -noautoscale  

Bring up the view you want to edit by middle clicking on the
appropriate community button.  To load the SupportForce.vw or any
other view not mentioned in the main view, use the View/Load Any View
pulldown menu.  

Click the Edit View button to enable edit mode.

To move one or more nodes in a view, select them, move the cursor to
the new location, then press the middle mouse button.  A group of
node can be selected by dragging over an area;  to move the group,
middle click on the new location for the lower left corner of
the drag box.

To create a new view, use the New View Name dialog from EditView.  

To add cluster nodes to a view, make sure nothing is selected and use
the Add Selected Nodes dialog obtained by right clicking in the
window.  To add a title, use the Add Label dialog.

To delete nodes, select them, then use Delete Selected from
EditView.

You may resize a window using the regular X controls for that
purpose.

When you are finished editing, save the view by using Save View in
the EditView pulldown menu.



